docs: update readme for TSP template (#13551)
OfficeDev/TeamsFx: templates/common/declarative-agent-typespec/README.md

1. First, select the Teams Toolkit icon on the left in the VS Code toolbar.
2. In the Account section, sign in with your [Microsoft 365 account](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/platform/toolkit/accounts) if you haven't already.

> 3. Update the `main.tsp` to configure your agent and import your tsp files. This is the default entry point for TypeSpec files. You can configure a different entry point in `tspconfig.yaml` if needed. Run `npm install` first to install dependencies before working with TypeSpec files.

Reviewer: I don't think you can configure a different file than main.tsp via tspconfig.yml

> 3. Update the `main.tsp` to configure your agent and import your tsp files. This is the default entry point for TypeSpec files. You can configure a different entry point in `tspconfig.yaml` if needed. Run `npm install` first to install dependencies before working with TypeSpec files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `npm install` to install dependencies before working with TypeSpec files.
4. Update the `main.tsp` to configure your agent and its plugins. This is the default entry point for TypeSpec files. 
```
